[Music]
hey how's it gone cave QD here so this
is the video on what I believe to be the
best laptops for content creation so
your mileage is going to vary everyone's
idea of content creation a little bit
different but mine is video editing so
this is obviously a video that's kind of
geared towards video editing the other
thing is that these laptops are all 14
or 15 inch screens and I chose them
because I prefer working off of larger
screens it's kind of see what I'm doing
but it's also because you get the quad
core processors with these larger
devices and quad core processors are
important for me so yeah that's what
we're getting 14 inch or 15 inch laptops
with quad core processors let us begin
actually before we go in I've done
individual reviews for each one of these
so if you're interested I will link the
individual reviews below and yeah
first up XPS 15 this is the device that
are used for most of 2016 I want to say
like 80% of my videos from last year
we're done on the XPS 15 the older
version this is the newer one my
favorite features the 4k screen
extremely color accurate and the thin
bezels are nice I also like that you can
stick 32 gigs of ram in here and the
battery life is also good it's an easy
seven or eight hours on this thing the
things like don't like the speakers are
not very good they're in a bad position
and they're small it also only has three
USB ports one of them being Thunderbolt
3 I would occasionally run out of ports
one had a lot of like drives and stuff
connected to it but overall really good
performance really good device next is
the razor blade this is the KB Lake
model running a GTX 1060 it's really
similar to the skylake just a little bit
more efficient so obviously one of the
big advantages of the razor blade is the
gtx 1060 in a relatively thin and light
chassis and that makes it pretty unique
but one of the things that I recently
started doing was customizing keyboard
shortcuts so in Premiere I bind things
for video editing like zooming in and
out instead of the plus and minus keys
or even using the mouse scroll I'll bind
it two three and four so I can just do
it with one hand and this isn't just for
premiere you can do this with most
applications but recently I tried
changing the colors of my keys to these
shortcuts and because it has individual
RGB for each key I really like it and
when you're done you can
the profile back to normal I don't like
that the RAM on this is soldered on I'd
love to get 32 gigs on this but I'm
stuck at 16 and Phandroid can get loud
the KB Lake model runs a little bit
quieter than the skylake model like the
fans don't come on as readily so it's a
more efficient chip but if the GTX 1060
in there when you're doing heavy stuff
Vande kick in it's going to be loud okay
the third thing this mix is a 2016
MacBook Pro I have like a love-hate
relationship with this thing it looks
awesome and pricing has improved quite a
bit because it's now in the Apple
refurbished store things I like about it
I like to build quality I think it's
phenomenal speakers are amazing I can
edit videos right off of these speakers
screen is really good keyboard is well
everyone's a little bit different some
people hate it some people love it my
personal experience I like it I
legitimately like it but everyone's
gonna be different
some people just going to hate this
thing forever that's okay the touch bar
is whatever at this point I think it's a
gimmick I never use it I also don't love
the port situation and the graphics chip
in here the Radeon Pro 460 for the right
application it's good like if your Final
Cut user it's perfect but if you're an
Adobe user and I'm a joky user it
doesn't really perform that well and for
most people who are on a tighter budget
but really want to get a Mac for content
creation I would steer them towards the
2015 model you can get some really good
pricing on this and they're just almost
identical in performance to the new
model in case you're wondering all these
laptops have skins on them they're like
a marble skin if you're interested in
picking one up there's a link in the
video description and none of these are
cheap and I need to stress the fact that
you totally don't need equipment like
this to make a really good content like
these are expensive but the way I see it
is this if you can get equipment that
speeds up your workflow just make the
whole content creation process that much
better one of the reasons why these are
so expensive aside from being thin and
light machines is because the screens
are really good quality of their color
accurate and bright and the razor blade
has an updated four Cape annal that's
coming out soon okay I want to briefly
talk about performance last year most of
my contents were shot on a 4k camera
called the Panasonic gh4 this year most
of my stuff is shot on a 5k camera
called the Scarlett W now in general
it's just bigger files higher resolution
files so editing that stuff takes a
little more horsepower the GTX 1060 on
the razor blade doesn't make a huge
difference
or 4k content over the 1050 but when you
go to higher resolution files the
difference is more noticeable the
biggest difference though comes from
switching from Nvidia graphics to the
AMD graphics which you find on Mac books
Adobe Premiere performs much better on
Nvidia chips because of the CUDA cores
AMD chips like the ones in current Mac
books use OpenCL or metal to render the
short of it is this if you use Adobe
Premiere you're going to get way better
performance with NVIDIA chips but if you
use final cut those AMD chips are great
now I use Adobe Premiere but the only
reason why I use it is because that's
just what I learned on any of the
editing programs are great if you look
at the render times like some people
will really fixate on this and think
that Final Cut is the better program
because it renders faster it does but
really when you make a video some of
these are like 20 hour jobs who cares we
wait an extra 5 or 10 minutes it's
really not a big deal any one of the
editing programs are great including the
ones that I've never even heard of or
used if they exist on the market you can
make youtube videos really well with
some ok I hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs of you liked it subs we
loved it
see you guys next time
[Music]